[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The vaccination issue is
interesting from a social point
of view.
It's interesting from a
medical point of view.
Our research has shown
that vaccinations are not
only not helping a child's
immune system form naturally,
but can be a serious damage and
impediment to them, especially
in the early years.
If we look at
nations like America
relentlessly vaccinate
their kids up to 18,
and we see a lot of
immune system problems.
We see a lot of
autism has sprung up.
There have been
investigations done
to see if this has been caused
by the thimerosal that's
included in the vaccinations.
The whole vaccine
theory has always
sat uncomfortably with me.
It's the idea that
you can introduce
part of the contaminant
into the body
to force the body to
produce antibodies,
thereby giving you immunity,
rather than doing it
the way that the
body likes to do it,
and that is to allow people
to develop naturally,
kids to develop naturally.
In the old days when
I was growing up,
if measles came to
Maidstone, all the mums
would get on the phone--
measles is in town.
All the kids would
get in the front room.
[EXHALES] We'd breathe
over everybody.
You'd get the measles,
I'd get the measles,
and we'd listless and
disinterested for 10 days,
but that's how the body learned.
That's how the immune
system formed antibodies,
and so you now had
lifetime immunity.
But today the whole ethos is,
no, no, no, you can't suffer.
You can't even get the disease.
That's out of the question.
Today you can have the MMR and
be listless and disinterested
for the rest of your life.
And we have huge numbers of
people around the world now
suffering from autism,
and this whole epidemic
appears to have
come out of nowhere.
And if you start scratching the
surface of this oily subject,
you will start to see some
tremendous liberties being
taken with the public's trust in
what they should and should not
do to their kids to enable
them to avoid these diseases.
Yes, measles can kill.
Yes, these other
diseases can kill.
But when you look at
the historical record
of vaccinations, if you
look at a graph of smallpox,
smallpox was in decline
long before they introduced
the smallpox vaccine.
We started introducing
social reforms in Britain
in the mid 1800s that
began cleaning up
the environment, piping,
the sewage, and smallpox
was already on the decline.
And what they did
was they came in
and started introducing
smallpox vaccinations, which
actually started causing
smallpox epidemics.
And this happened twice.
When the Americans went
into the Philippines
in the first part
of the 1900s, there
were three separate
epidemics that
were treated as a result
of vaccination there.
And today, of course, we see
that vaccination is de rigueur
for kids.
And indeed, there
are countries where
you don't get to go to
school unless your book has
been stamped, a bit like a car
having been through a service.
You got a vaccination stamp.
And the parents need to
look into this subject.
We've done whole books on it.
Parents need to
feel easy about what
they decide for their kids.
What I'm against is this strong
arming of the public, as well,
that you see happening,
doctors coercing parents,
frightening parents into
having these vaccinations,
and then these
doctors don't want
to know when these kids
suddenly become deaf or have
epileptic fits in the car on
the way back from the surgery
or whatever else
happens to them.
But, again, clearly
there are millions
of kids who get vaccinated
who don't have a problem.
But I'm interested
in the ones who
do have a problem, which can
be traced back to the period
when they had
these vaccinations.
And you ask any of the
hundreds of couples
that have come to me over the
years with these woeful tales
of their kids being
damaged by vaccines,
and they'll say there was
nothing wrong with my child
up until I took
him to the doctor,
and I took him to the
doctor because I believe
I was doing the best
thing for my child,
and now my child has got
autism, my child is deaf,
my child is not
behaving properly,
my child has stopped growing,
these types of things.
So I think citizens need to
look into these questions
and not just accept
at face value
what they're told by
the medical profession.
We'd like to trust our
professionals, of course,
and I'm not here to paint
the medical industry
as some sort of evil, wicked
witches stirring brews for us.
But there is a lot
of money at stake,
and there are
economic dynamos that
depend on the public behaving
a certain way if they
feel that they are threatened
or if they have an illness.
So I think the public need
to make up their own minds
about these issues.
I think anybody who decides
to get a flu vaccine
should actually find out
what's in the flu vaccine
and be surprised when you
start to find that out.
We've looked at the
various vaccine cocktails
over the years that
will include things
like aluminum hydroxide,
thimerosal, which
is a type of mercury, aborted
human fetus cells, washed sheep
cells, just things
you wouldn't really
want to put into your newborn.
You really wouldn't
want to do that.
What you would want
to do is to breastfeed
your newborn to give them all
of the immune factors required
to form their immune
system properly
and to breastfeed for
as long as is reasonable
and, once that child
is off the breast,
to put them onto good,
wholesome, organic foods.
Let them learn good
habits to start with.
And allow the body
to cope with disease
the way nature intended.
But, again, nature is
apparently not good enough,
so we need to have the
drug industry come in
and say, oh, nature's
messed it up.
We need to give them
this vaccine or them him
that vaccine.
And kids are getting sick.
And there's been lots
of books done on it.
We've done a book on it.
There's a lot of credible
information on the web.
Whole organizations have
formed around parents
who have kids who are just
not working properly anymore.
They just don't
work right, and they
were working fine before they
went and had the vaccination.
So the public
needs to feel easy.
Many citizens I
speak to say, no,
we've decided to
vaccinate our kids,
and we want to do what's
right, and I wouldn't dream
of persuading them otherwise.
But I do recommend
that everybody
looks into the subject.
And if you are unsure
about the subject,
then do some reading on both
sides of the fence with it.
Clearly, the medical
establishment
believes in vaccinations
wholeheartedly,
and I take my hat off to them
to have that kind of belief
in some pretty shoddy science.
But if you look at the
doctors who are speaking out--
against a great personal
cost, by the way--
to warn the public
about some dangers that
can await their
children, then I think
the parents should really
read that and make up
their own minds.
[MUSIC PLAYING]